QUESTION 1 : Difference between Git & Github?


Answer: As far as their functions are considered, Git and Github are totally different from
each other though they sound similiar.

Git :

1. Git is a command line tool or a version control tool which is installed locally on our system.
It keeps track or record of all the changes brought to our code.

2. Git is helpful for increasing productivity and efficiency of work, since again and again 
copying the code and sending them to the fellow coders is not required when using git.

3.Git can exist without GitHub as there are other such softwares like Atlassian Bucketlist or 
GitLab. 

4.Git is an open-source and freely distributed tool.

GitHub :

1. GitHub is a Web based Hosting Service(owned by microsoft) which is used to store all the git
repositories(folders) in one place, so that different coders can collab on the same project using
GitHub.

2. Github is a hosting platform where projects and collaborations are available.

3. On the other hand , Github cannot be used without using Git.

4. GitHub works on licensing model(premium model and free).

















QUESTION 2 : Explain very briefly any 5 basic git commands.

Answer: These 5 commands were used during the set-up process of Git. These are :-

$ git --version
-to display current version of Git that user is using.

$ git config --global user.name "Your_User_Name"
-to set the username of the User in Git. It is used while comitting 
files in github.It is not necessary that Git username and GitHub 
username should be same.

$ git config --global user.email "Your email"
-to set the email-address of user in git. it is necessary that the email 
address of the user should be same in both git and github.

$ git init
-it is used to create a new github repository. 

$ git add filename
-A code in the current directory can be added using this command.












QUESTION 3: How to make a Pull Request?

Answer: There are two repositories - Remote repository on the web and a local repository on 
our system. In Git bash , the folder that we want to make changes or use is used as master 
by reference. The process of obtaining codes from remote repository to our master folder is 
called fetching. The process of sending codes from master folder to Local repository is called
Merging. For these two process - $ git fetch 
				 $ git merge  commands are used
for making a pull request - $ git pull (link/url) is used.
git pull command is basically a combination of git fetch and git merge commands.

